java developer 123 your address city, state, zip code (xxx)-xxx-xxxx your.email@gmail.com technically advanced java developer with 7+ years of experience in designing, developing and delivering user-centric software applications using java/j2ee technologies. offering strong expertise in multiple programming languages, including javascript, html, and xml. seeking to secure a challenging position as a java developer. professional experience it america inc., arizona city, az java developer, september 2015 - present • use java/j2ee technologies to develop web applications for client server environments and add functionalities to existing applications. • revamp various java applications developed with spring, hibernate and older j2ee. • • conduct user requirements analysis to design and program applications and deliver support for system enhancement. play a pivotal role as a part of an agile scrum team accountable, developing new applications using spring framework backend and angular.js frontend. • consult with customers on project status and technical concerns. infosys, charlotte, nc java developer, june 2011 - august 2015 • rendered solid technical expertise in software development life cycle and core java technologies to develop applications based on specific client requirements. • developed highly interactive and customized uis using javascript, html, jsp, and css to improve functionality of web applications. • • performed unit testing of applications by developing and applying test cases in junit. enhanced the quality of code and improved application performance, leading to a 14% reduction in bugs. • created interactive uis that surpassed client objectives and improved user experience. education university of texas, dallas, tx bachelor of science in computer science, may 2011 honors: cum laude (gpa: 3.6/4.0) additional skills ⚫ languages: java, javascript, java beans, jsp, sql, html, xml, node.js, bootstrap frameworks: jsf, j2ee, apache struts • • api\'s: servlets, ejb, java naming and directory interface (jndi) software: eclipse, toad, works, netbeans databases: ibm db2, oracle, mysql, database sql command 123 your address city,, state, zip code (xxx)-xxx-xxxx your@email.com